include /usr/share/nano/awk.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/c.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/cmake.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/css.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/debian.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/gentoo.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/html.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/makefile.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/man.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/mutt.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/nanorc.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/objc.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/patch.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/perl.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/php.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/python.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/ruby.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/sh.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/spec.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/tcl.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/tex.nanorc
include /usr/share/nano/xml.nanorc
set backwards
set nowrap
set smooth
set speller “hunspell”
set tabsize 4
set tabstospaces
